Write template for epics (#2112)
epinio/epinio: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/epic.md

---
name: Epic
about: Create an Epic
title: ''
labels:
  - kind/epic
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the Epic **

A clear and concise description of what is desired. In case of new features this has a strong
overlap with the first task below.

Hint: Make sure to search through the existing (possibly closed) issues, as they often contain
important information on recent changes.

**Additional context**

Add any other context about the epic here.

**Tasks**

- [ ] Specify a new feature, or investigate an undesired behaviour
- [ ] Implement the specification, or bug fix coming out of the investigation
- [ ] Write and/or update tests covering the new or changed behaviour to be run by CI

> - [ ] For larger changes QA should test/verify the changes as well, outside of CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] For larger changes request QA to test/verify the changes as well, outside of CI.
```
